some
silent movies the quiet dances on the
screen
when you were younger you didn't see
things
quite the same as you do now
but now you're older you find that
sometimes
you wish you had stayed a clown
never ever knowing whether you're
going
and right now that sounds like
ray's idea
but hey let's not get down about
being a clown
[Music]
you distracted not really i don't know
why i did that
i want cold water that's purified people
are like making it so that i can't feel
my water you bought that
yes
[Music]
i almost forgot this i haven't needed to
bring lunch anywhere for like a year
oh i'm not used to this welcome everyone
to the first day back at private school
i feel like i'm in high school again
i'm just gonna be going back to my
private school for a day
as a college student and compare and
contrast how i feel about it i guess now
that i've been in college you'll get to
see all of my friends which is so fun
the whole gang will hopefully be back
together i just feel like this is so
nostalgic
let's get into the day baby i think
i'm finally starting to get you
i'm coming to school today
what's happening gang oh this camera is
poorer i know
is this the one you just you threw down
and curb stomped three times
shut them again okay good good okay this
man will poop all over our carpet
oh you can bet if you want he's so soft
oh sure
you're you don't want to do that nice
what do you have to say to the people
they've missed you so
long just like your hair you're too too
long
yeah i haven't um i haven't cut it since
like july really
yeah oh my gosh look at these old
children
yep it's this one there we go i leave
for one second and you get a replacement
for me
i i'm sorry don't tell gordon
leave that in the video the things i do
for your channel
sell my soul to the devil if i have to i
like why you like run in circles or do
something funny
who is locker number two
oh my gosh look at that good time
here's liam here's wearing his
spiffy jacket hey
[Laughter]
my parents can't my colleges can't they
refuse to believe that that's why they
haven't accepted me yet it was at this
moment that he knew
he messed up i'm like this kicks it out
to go a little collegial on me
oh it's a bell oh my goodness oh my gosh
this is weird
so i'm gonna skip out i'm gonna leave
you go study for
finals oh until lunchtime i have from
1105 to 210 completely free
nice i might go to walmart with the one
guys i don't know if you can see that
but apparently they do
assembly outside now glad i missed that
this is so weird i feel like an imposter
or something like i feel like i've
gone down a few problems because i'm
wearing the universe i'm like
a student but like i've tasted freedom
pretty much for this day what i'm going
to be doing
while i'm at school is taking finals
you never thought you'd see these two
things together i feel like i should be
out there doing the pledge
and i will pursue knowledge for its own
sake and construct a virtuous character
with knowledge
with wisdom over selfishness
i don't really remember it i did not
miss these shirts at all i hate them so
much
i
i know look at us get in here it's like
old times
you missed this morning
i don't know maybe because we don't go
here anymore
well yeah i haven't been a lot in a long
time oh
i brought my dick sweet will you look up
a word for me
i made a dolphin costume so what had
happened was dr newman asked what the
rostrum was in ancient rome
nerd stuff i said the roster from that
one part of the dolphin
he said you have studied latin for seven
years how long have you been studying
dolphin anatomy i looked him in the eyes
and i had you in my in the
in my heart in my mind i said eight it
feels like this is where we belong
i know i know i can't walk in here and
i'm like what
should i sit down yeah actually sit down
where's my desk
you know what i'm saying excuse me
yeah she's huge millie is not a huge
she's not a bad joke that's a bad guy
she's huge for like herself
i love that you know
this is going to be my audition paper
for performing arts school
oh yeah let's just let's do this
okay so who is this this is for ally
it's so funny they told me hey i've been
watching this new youtuber riley
and like riley real like oh my gosh you
know
her what do i say
no have you done this before no nobody's
harassed my honor
i don't know you're the celebrity
he's so practiced you didn't even have
to think about it there you are
yay i'm so glad this is my nerve
everybody
katie finally and allison and
sophie this is aiden's sister everybody
[Applause]
get out of here this isn't your channel
come back in spring
no one knows dear future husband
here's a few things you need to know
and you want to be my one and only
all the time we're not doing that we are
geniuses musical brilliance
because riley's like staring off screen
i brought home this this bracelet that
minerva made me yeah it says hi
and i was wearing it and my mom was like
what hot girl made you a bracelet that
you're not wearing around everywhere
sound like minerva and she was like all
right so yeah so the thing is it has
like backpack
straps too but i picked him up with that
and he just he just went
how long have you had said something a
week today
really so obviously i'm a qualified
parent
[Laughter]
when people grab for my hair right
sarah's like i'm planning at the
comments this year
i'm kind of happy i'm not around this
this joker all day this is so weird you
look like a
middle-aged mother carrying her dogs
have you heard that before also yes i'm
wearing rubber shoes
that's everyone common they're like why
are you wearing rubber shoes to private
school
i think they meant like tennis shoes or
something i will never have legs this
smooth
i just want you to know that
i'm gonna go finish my philosophy final
screenshot
it's not real
my home screen is still this jerk
i'm going to edit out riley so just
staring at diamonds you just draw
you can kind of yeah you can kind of see
the beer bottle seriously if you
[Music]
at the school in our uniforms i'm about
to take this off so quick
goodbye that was literally so much fun
you guys
like oh like to be back with everyone i
love it
i really hope you guys enjoyed this
video of me going back to private school
it was so fun to see all of my friends
at school
and just kind of reminisce on the past i
had a really fun
day and then after i filmed this video i
just went home and finished up
my finals so it was a good day good
productive day and
a fun time to go back to the school i
spent so much time in i really hope you
enjoyed this video
i am back at school now so i'm excited
for all the college videos that are
going to be coming this semester
if you're new here make sure to
subscribe down below as well as follow
me on instagram
riley real i love you guys so much and
i'll see you in the next one
bye guys
[Music]
you